NOTES----------------------------------------------------:
SCENARIOS.txt was copied and modifed from USER-STORIES.txt




SCENARIOS---------------------------------------------:

(User Story Importance: 1)
Scenario 1.1:
Given that I want to use the app,
When I enter the app
Then there should be a navigation menu that has tabs for Courses, Calendar, To-do list, and Assignments.
When I tap any of these tabs,
Then it should take me to the page for the given tab.


(Importance: 2)
Scenario 2.1:
Given that I have tapped the Courses page,
And I have populated the page with at least one course,
When I view this page,
Then I should be able to see all of my courses on this page.

Scenario 2.2:
Given that I am on the Courses page,
When I tap on a specific course,
Then a new page should pop up and show all information linked to this course.
When I tap on the grade distribution tab,
Then a grade distribution slider should pop up showing the grading scale for that class.

Scenario 2.3:
Given that I am on a specific course's page,
And I would like to delete the course
When I click the delete button,
Then a dialog should appear asking if I am sure I would like to delete the course.
When I confirm,
Then the course and all information connected to it (assignments, to-do items, class times on calendar view) should be removed.

(Importance: 3)
Scenario 3.1:
Given that I have tapped on the Calendar tab,
When I am looking at the calendar
Then the calendar should be color coded by darkness depending on how busy I am on that day
When I only have class and no tasks
Then the color for that day should be gray.
When I have no class and no tasks,
Then the color for that day should be white.


Scenario 3.2:
Given that I am viewing the calendar page,
When I short press a day,
Then a list should appear, showing all of the tasks that occupy that day in order.
When I tap on an add button,
Then I should be able to add a new task.
When I swipe left on a list item,
Then I should have the option to delete that task.
When I confirm that I want to delete the task,
Then the task should be removed from the app (calendar view and to-do list view, etc..)

(Importance: 4)
Scenario 4.1:
Given that I am on the nav bar,
When I tap the Assignments tab,
Then the Assignments page should be shown with assignments for all of my classes.
When I filter by course,
Then the assignments for a particular course should be shown as well as the weighting scale for that course and overall grade so far.

Scenario 4.2:
Given that I am on the Assignments page,
When I tap on an add button (or new row depending on how the design works out) 
Then I should be able to enter an assignment title, type of assignment from dropdown list, course from dropdown list, and enter the points earned out of total points for that assignment.
When I an finished adding the assignment,
Then the assignment should show up on the list.

Scenario 4.3:
Given that I am viewing any Assignments page (course specific or total)
And I would like to delete an assignment,
When I tap delete
Then I should be given the option to enter an assignment to delete
When I confirm deleting that assignment,
Then the assignment should be removed from the app.


(Importance: 5)
Scenario 5.1:
Given that I have initially opened the app,
And there is information already entered into the app,
When I view the home page,
Then there should be a list of the most immediate events (to-do list items or courses, etc..) shown on the home page.


(Importance: 6)
Scenario 6.1:
Given that I have tapped the to-do list tab,
And I have added tasks already,
When I view the page,
Then the page should show all of my tasks in order.
When I click the add button,
Then I should be given options to add (date, time, title, etc..)
When I have finished adding the task,
Then it should appear along with my other tasks in order of when it should be done.

Scenario 6.2:
Given that I have added tasks,
When I swipe left on a task (or however you want to remove them)
Then I should have the option to delete the task
When I click delete,
Then the task should be removed from the list.

Scenario 6.3:
Given that I have completed a task,
When I check that the task has been completed,
Then the task should be moved to a completed list.
When the task has been completed for a certain amount of time (5 days? idk) 
Then the task should be erased from the list. (is this what we want?)

(Importance: 8) I am not sure this should be included as a user story since it's kind of included in the scenarios for the calendar tab user story.
Given I am a student,
When I open the calendar,
Then I can see when my assignments are due.


(Importance: 9)
Scenario 9.1:
Given that I am adding a course,
And I have a repetative weekly schedule for that course,
When I check the weekdays that I have that course and choose what time the course is
Then my weekly schedule should be automatically populated during those times with that course.
When I have a scheduling conflict
Then a dialog should inform me of this and ask for confirmation of the course.
When I confirm the add,
Then the course should be added anyway.

(Importance: 10) Also not sure about this one because it seems like we are manually entering courses now, rather than choosing from a list of possible courses.
Given I am a lazy person,
When I choose a course from a drop-down list,
Then its info will be auto-filled.


(Importance: 11)
Scenario 11.1:
Given that I am on my Courses or course specific Assignments page,
And I have entered assignments and exams,
When I am viewing the page,
Then it should display a grade for that course so far.
When I have had past completed courses
And the grades for those courses have been finalized,
Then I should be able to keep track of my GPA for those completed courses.



INDEX OF TERMS---------------------------------------------:

the application, the app, application, app,: The academic calendar Android application being developed by team #13 in CSE 110, Winter 2016.

user: The individual using the application.

added course, add a course: An academic course that the user has input into the application.

calendar: A feature of the application which displays stately information in regards to the application.

added assignment, add an assignment: A subset of stately data that should be associated with a course.

assignments tab: A feature of the application that allows the user to view an added assignment.

navigate: A means by which the user can transition from one presentation of information in the application to another.

main menu: The primary means of navigation in the application.

immediate events: Upcoming courses, assignments, todo list items, etc.

add a todo list, added todo list: A miscellaneous collection of data that may or may not be assiciated with a course.

todo list item: A specific element in a todo list.

due: In reference to an assignment, todo list item, or course that is upcoming.





