NOTES:
USER-STORIES.md is for our group use.
USER-STORIES.txt is for submission.




USER STORIES---------------------------------------------:

(Imortance: 1)
As a normal person,
I want an easy-to-use navigation menu
so that I don't get annoyed trying to use the app.


(Imortance: 2)
As a student,
I want to be able to add school course information to this app
so that I can have my class information all in one spot.


(Imortance: 3)
As an organized person,
I want to have a calendar that I can add events to
so that I can see what I have to do everyday.


(Imortance: 4)
As an organized person,
I want an assignments tab that is linked to my course information
so that I can keep track of all my homework and deadlines over the quarter.


(Imortance: 5)
As a lazy person,
I want to see the most immediate events as soon as I open the app
so that I don't need to do something bothersome like navigate through the menu.


(Imortance: 6)
As a student,
I want a to-do list for my added courses
so that I can keep track of academic things I need to do without a due date.


(Imortance: 7)
As a student,
I want a to-do list for general items
so that I can keep track of general things I need to do without a due date.


(Imortance: 8)
As an organized person,
I want the calendar to tell me when assignments are due
so that I won't miss a deadline on accident.


(Imortance: 9)
As a lazy person,
I want these school courses to be populated onto a calender for me
so that I can see my schedule easily and without effort.


(Imortance: 10)
As a lazy person,
I want to be able to choose my course from a drop-down list and have its info auto-filled
because typing class information is a pain.


(Imortance: 11)
As a student concerned about grades,
I want to be able to track my grades for assignments and exams
so that I can keep on top of my GPA.





INDEX OF TERMS---------------------------------------------:

the application, the app, application, app,: The academic calendar Android application being developed by team #13 in CSE 110, Winter 2016.

user: The individual using the application.

added course, add a course: An academic course that the user has input into the application.

calendar: A feature of the application which displays stately information in regards to the application.

added assignment, add an assignment: A subset of stately data that should be associated with a course.

assignments tab: A feature of the application that allows the user to view an added assignment.

navigate: A means by which the user can transition from one presentation of information in the application to another.

main menu: The primary means of navigation in the application.

immediate events: Upcoming courses, assignments, todo list items, etc.

add a todo list, added todo list: A miscellaneous collection of data that may or may not be assiciated with a course.

todo list item: A specific element in a todo list.

due: In reference to an assignment, todo list item, or course that is upcoming.





